Docs: Document tracing.jaeger configuration (#21181)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/configuration.md

Keys of alpha features to enable, separated by space. Available alpha features are: `transformations`

## [tracing.jaeger]

Configure Grafana's Jaeger client for distributed tracing.

You can also use the standard `JAEGER_*` environment variables to configure
Jaeger. See the table at the end of https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.16/client-features/
for the full list. Environment variables will override any settings provided here.

### address

The host:port destination for reporting spans. (ex: `localhost:6381`)

> May be set with the environment variables `JAEGER_AGENT_HOST` and `JAEGER_AGENT_PORT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be set with the environment variables `JAEGER_AGENT_HOST` and `JAEGER_AGENT_PORT`.
```

### always_included_tag

> Comma-separated list of tags to include in all new spans, e.g. `tag1:value1,tag2:value2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comma-separated list of tags to include in all new spans, such as `tag1:value1,tag2:value2`.
```

> May be set with the environment variable `JAEGER_TAGS` (use `=` instead of `:` with the env var).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be set with the environment variable `JAEGER_TAGS` (use `=` instead of `:` with the environment variable).
```

### sampler_type

> Default value is `const`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value is `const`.
```

> Specifies the type of sampler: `const`, `probabilistic`, `ratelimiting`, or `remote`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the type of sampler: `const`, `probabilistic`, `ratelimiting`, or `remote`.
```

> See https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.16/sampling/#client-sampling-configuration for details on the different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.16/sampling/#client-sampling-configuration for details on the different tracing types.
```

> May be set with the environment variable `JAEGER_SAMPLER_TYPE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be set with the environment variable `JAEGER_SAMPLER_TYPE`.
```

### sampler_param

> Default value is `1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value is `1`.
```

This is the sampler configuration parameter. Depending on the value of `sampler_type`, it can be `0`, `1`, or a decimal value in between.

> 

Reviewer: Capitalize the first letter of each unordered list item.

- for `const` sampler, `0` or `1` for always `false`/`true` respectively
- for `probabilistic` sampler, a probability between `0` and `1.0`
- for `rateLimiting` sampler, the number of spans per second
- for `remote` sampler, param is the same as for `probabilistic`
  and indicates the initial sampling rate before the actual one
  is received from the mothership

May be set with the environment variable `JAEGER_SAMPLER_PARAM`.

### zipkin_propagation

> Default value is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value is `false`.
```

> Whether or not to use Zipkin span propagation (`x-b3-` HTTP headers).

Reviewer: This is not a complete sentence, I do not understand what you mean here. Are you saying that the value of this config entry governs whether or not to use the span propagation and that the default is not to?

Author: I didn't write it, it's from `defaults.ini`; however, this controls whether or not to use Zipkin's span propagation format. The default is to use Jaeger's span propagation format.

I'll clarify and update!

> May be set with the environment variable and value `JAEGER_PROPAGATION=b3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be set with the environment variable and value `JAEGER_PROPAGATION=b3`.
```

### disable_shared_zipkin_spans

> Default value is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value is `false`.
```

> Setting this to `true` disables shared RPC spans. Not disabling is the most common setting when using Zipkin elsewhere in your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this to `true` turns off shared RPC spans. Leaving this available is the most common setting when using Zipkin elsewhere in your infrastructure.
```
